https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-11824 (#6540)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_arch.adoc

    cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup: ""
----
+

> *Note:* Secrets used by the `hive.openshift.io.ClusterDeployment` resource need to be backed up, and are automatically annotated with the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label only when you create the cluster by using the console. If you deploy the Hive cluster by using GitOps instead, you must manually add the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label to the secrets used by the `ClusterDeployment`. Secret and ConfigMap resources with the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup: cluster-activation` label are restored at cluster activation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* Secrets used by the `hive.openshift.io.ClusterDeployment` resource need to be backed up, and are automatically annotated with the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label only when you create the cluster by using the console. If you deploy the Hive cluster by using GitOps instead, you must manually add the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label to the secrets used by the `ClusterDeployment` resource. Secret and config map resources with the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup: cluster-activation` label are restored at cluster activation time.
```
